# config.json reference
This file documents `config.json`, the LaserQueue configuration file.
## Notes
- `config.json` is a standard JSON key/value store
- The config is generated from `defaultconf.json` when the queue first runs. Running the queue again with the `-r` flag will regenerate it.
- Both the frontend and backend rely on and can access values in `config.json`. The backend can change these values.
- The file is stored in the `www` directory so that the frontend can access it  

## Keys and values

### `actionHeader` : `string`
Header for the action buttons table column
#### Default: `Action`
---
### `adminModeEnabled` : `boolean`
Enables privileged authentication
#### Default: `true`
---
### `allowForceRefresh` : `boolean`
Enables server-to-client force reload
#### Default: `false`
---
### `allowMultipleMaterials` : `boolean`
Allows people to submit cuts with different materials but same name
#### Default: `true`
---
### `allowMultiples` : `boolean`
Allows people to submit different cuts with the same name
#### Default: `false`
---
### `allowTour` : `boolean`
Allows the LaserQueue visual tour to occur.
#### Default: `true`
---
### `attrEditPerms` : `array`
The tags non-authenticated users are allowed to edit with the `attr` action.
#### Default: `name,material,esttime`
---
### `authTimeout` : `number`
Timeout before authed user is deauthed
#### Default: `600`
---
### `authactions` : `array`
Actions that require authentication
#### Default: `move,relative_move,increment,decrement,refresh,start_tour`
---
### `decrHover` : `string`
Tooltip for decrement button
#### Default: `Decrement job's position`
---
### `defaultMaterial` : `string`
Default job material
#### Default: `w`
---
### `defaultPriority` : `number`
Default job priority
#### Default: `2`
---
### `devLog` : `boolean`
Enable in-page dev log. Disabling redirects to standard console logging.
#### Default: `true`
---
### `dragHover` : `string`
Drag icon tooltip
#### Default: `Move job around`
---
### `easterEggs` : `boolean`
Enables easter eggs
#### Default: `false`
---
### `googleAnalyticsKey` : `string`
Enables Google Analytics logging
#### Default: ``
---
### `highestPriorityAllowed` : `number`
The highest priority allowed for non-auths to submit with.
#### Default: `2`
---
### `host` : `string`
Automatically generated by default. The WebSockets backend address.
#### Default: ``
---
### `incrHover` : `string`
Tooltip for increment button
#### Default: `Increment job's position`
---
### `lengthBounds` : `array`
Maximum and minimum for the length of a job. Set either to -1 to disable that bound.
#### Default: `0.0166666667,360`
---
### `login` : `string`
Tooltip for auth button
#### Default: `Click to authenticate`
---
### `logout` : `string`
Tooltip for deauth button
#### Default: `Click to log out`
---
### `materialHeader` : `string`
Table header for material column
#### Default: `Material`
---
### `materialHover` : `string`
Tooltip for material textbox
#### Default: `What are you cutting?`
---
### `materialInput` : `string`
Placeholder text for material textbox
#### Default: `Choose a material...`
---
### `materials` : `object`
An object of acceptable material codes and their names. See API.md for default material codes and names
#### Default: `[object Object]`
---
### `metabump` : `number`
Number of seconds before a metabump occurs. Set to 0 to disable.
#### Default: `900`
---
### `metabumpmax` : `number`
The top priority (0 is maximum) that can be bumped to. Anything below 0 will allow any priority.
#### Default: `-1`
---
### `metabumpmult` : `number`
The extra amount of time it takes per priority to reach the next level
#### Default: `30`
---
### `modifiedHover` : `string`
Tooltip for coach-modified tag
#### Default: `Modified`
---
### `nameHeader` : `string`
Header for job name table column
#### Default: `Name`
---
### `nameHover` : `string`
Tooltip for name textbox
#### Default: `Who are you?`
---
### `nameInput` : `string`
Placeholder text for name textbox
#### Default: `What is it they call you?`
---
### `pageTitle` : `string`
Title of page
#### Default: `LaserQueue`
---
### `passDepth` : `number`
How many jobs from the top are allowed to be passed off.
#### Default: `1`
---
### `passHover` : `string`
The hovertext for the pass button.
#### Default: `Move job down`
---
### `port` : `string`
Port for WebSockets backend server
#### Default: `8763`
---
### `priorities` : `array`
An array of priority names, from lowest to highest
#### Default: `Lunch/After NuVu,Low,Normal,Important,Urgent,Absolutely Required`
---
### `priorityAllow` : `boolean`
Allow anyone to submit at any priority.
#### Default: `false`
---
### `priorityHeader` : `string`
Header for priority column of table
#### Default: `Priority`
---
### `priorityHover` : `string`
Tooltip for priority textbox
#### Default: `How important is this? The system will factor your thoughts in, but may raise or lower your cut's actual priority.`
---
### `priorityInput` : `string`
Title text for priority dropdown
#### Default: `Choose a priority...`
---
### `priorityThresh` : `array`
Thresholds for bumping longer jobs down
#### Default: `10,20,30,40,50,60`
---
### `recalcPriority` : `boolean`
Whether to recalculate priority intelligently based on job length
#### Default: `true`
---
### `recapitalize` : `boolean`
When true, names get capitalized intelligently
#### Default: `true`
---
### `reconnectRate` : `number`
How frequenetly to try reconnecting to the backend when connection drops
#### Default: `5000`
---
### `refreshRate` : `number`
How often to poll for new data.
#### Default: `1000`
---
### `removeHover` : `string`
Tooltip for job removal button
#### Default: `Cancel this job`
---
### `sendNotifications` : `boolean`
Send notifications to the client whenever it causes an error on the backend
#### Default: `true`
---
### `timeHeader` : `string`
Header for time column in table
#### Default: `Est. Time`
---
### `timeHover` : `string`
Tooltip for job time textbox
#### Default: `Please enter a number (minutes)`
---
### `timeInput` : `string`
Placeholder for job time textbox
#### Default: `Estimated time (min)`
---
### `updateRepo` : `string`
Repository to update from
#### Default: `https://github.com/LaserQueue/LaserQueue.git`
---
### `updateTarget` : `string`
`defaultconf.json` file to watch for updates
#### Default: `https://raw.githubusercontent.com/LaserQueue/LaserQueue/master/www/defaultconf.json`
---
### `version` : `string`
Software's current version
#### Default: `dev-0.0.7`
---

